[skip ci] Add supported architectures to readme (#49164)
bioconda/bioconda-recipes: README.md

[Conda](http://anaconda.org) is a platform- and language-independent package
manager that supports easy distribution, installation and version management of
software. The [bioconda channel](https://anaconda.org/bioconda) is a Conda

> channel providing bioinformatics related packages for **Linux** and **Mac OS** 
> supporting both x64 and aarch64/arm64 architectures.

Reviewer: While you're at it, might as well fix the spelling of macOS:

```suggestion
channel providing bioinformatics related packages for **Linux** and **macOS**, 
supporting both x86_64 and aarch64/arm64 architectures.
```
